Implement draft project portfolio page (#177)
AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp: docs/team/tan-jia-rong.md

title: Tan Jia Rong's Project Portfolio Page
---

## Project: Plannit

### Overview
**Plannit** is an **all-in-one application** that streamlines the execution of module
deliverables by **empowering NUS students** with the ability to manage **tasks**, **links** and
**module-mates** (i.e., students in the same module) to increase their productivity.

### Summary of contributions
Given below are my contributions to the project.

#### Navigation ([#64](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/64))

* **New Feature:** Added `goto` command.
  * What it does: <br>
    Allows user to navigate to specific module to
    view information relevant to the particular module.
  * Justification: <br>

>     Initial implementation of AB3 consist of only contacts, while Plannit features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Initial implementation of AB3 consists of only contacts, while Plannit features
```
Perhaps there is a grammatical error here?

Reviewer 2: Hmm or is it _consisted_, since @Tan-Jia-Rong is referring to the old implementation of AB3?

Reviewer: Yes, that's right. I have edited my suggestion accordingly.

Author: thanks for catching my poor grammars. Its a daily struggle to write proper English

    many more components, with the main components being `Module` and `Person`.
    As our application aims to streamline the execution of module deliverables,

>     the `goto` command is implemented to allow user to view precise information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the `goto` command is implemented to allow users to view precise information
```
possible typo?

    relevant to the particular module such as the tasks, links and person which
    are tied to that module, which is critical for our value proposition.

* **New Feature:** Added `home` command.
  * What it does:
    Allows user to navigate back to home page after using `goto` to
    have an overview of details stored in Plannit.
  * Justification: <br>
    A consequence of `goto` so that user can return to the home page
    to have an overview of all modules and persons.

**Highlights** <br>
* The navigation function introduces a new concept of home page and module page which is previously not found
  in AB3. Hence, deliberate considerations have to be put into designing the behaviour to maximise user experience.

* The implementation of the navigation system involves constant updating of `UniqueModuleList`, `UniquePersonList`
  and `isHome` status. Hence, it is not trivial as stringent checks are required to ensure the proper integration
  between `Logic`, `Model` and `Ui` to ensure what is executed matches what is seen by the user and that `isHome`

>   status is set correctly state as an incorrect state would jeopardize a user's experience.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  status is set to the correct state as an incorrect state would jeopardize a user's experience.
```

* To ensure proper integration, extensive manual testing was required to ensure that the feature was bug-free.

#### Search ([#81](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/81))

* **New Feature:** Added `find-module` command.
  * What it does: <br>

>     Allows user to find modules in home page only.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Allows users to search for modules on the home page.
```
Grammar and to make it sound better by removing the word `only` 💯

  * Justification: <br>
    All modules are listed in the home page. Hence, `find-module` is implemented to allow user to filter

>     module by module code prefix. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    modules by module code prefix. <br>
```
Possible grammatical error?

    Additionally, it is a design decision to disable it after using `goto` command to prevent
    confusion between usage of `goto` command and `find-module` command.

* **New Feature:** Added `list-module` command.
  * What it does: <br>
    Allows user to list every module in home page.
  * Justification: <br>

>     A consequence of `find-module` so that user can reset the list of module back to its

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    A consequence of `find-module` so that user can reset the list of modules back to its
```
Possible grammatical error?

    original state.

* **New Feature:** Added `find-person` command.
  * What it does: <br>
    Allows user to find persons in home page only.
  * Justification: <br>
    Similar to `find-module`, all person details are listed in

>     the home page. Hence, `find-person` is implemented to allow user to filter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the home page. Hence, `find-person` is implemented to allow the user to filter
```
Possible grammatical error?

Author: I've switch it to `users` instead thank you!

>     person by person name prefix. <br>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    the persons list by person name prefix. <br>
```

    Additionally, it is a design decision to disable it after using `goto` command
    as relevant person added to a module is likely to be small as it should only comprise of
    people whom the user needs to interact with in the module
    (i.e. friends, project mates, teaching assistant, professors).

* **New Feature:** Added `list-person` command.
  * What it does: <br>

>     Allows user to list every person's details in home page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    Allows users to list every person's details on the home page.
```

* Much thoughts have to be put into considering on whether to implement search functionalities as `home` and `goto`
  command is sufficient in showing the modules. However, we chose to include it to improve user experience by allowing
  them to search for modules and contacts from the home page.

**Code contributed:** [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2223s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=tan-jia-rong&breakdown=true)

### Other contributions
**Documentation:**

* **User Guide:**
  * Added documentation for the following features:
    * `home` and `goto` ([#50](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/50))
    * `find-module`, `list-module`, `find-person` and `list-person` ([#81](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/81))
  * Updated UG with tips and notes and fixed some minor issues ([#161](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/161))

* **Developer Guide ([#87](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/87)):**
  * Added implementation details for `goto` command.

**Contribution to team-based-tasks:**
* Created first draft of `README.md` to match Plannit ([#32](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/32))

> * Implemented initial model framework for Link, Task and Module ([#59](https://github.com/AY2223S1-CS2103T-T10-1/tp/pull/59))

Reviewer 2: Perhaps you could include something like:
_"Facilitated team discussions and weekly meetings by setting up a Discord channel, along with various text channels for note taking"_

and also 
_"Created a Telegram channel to serve as the team's main medium of communication"_

and possibly even
_"Organised team bonding activities such as Discord watch together sessions and game nights to boost team morale and camaraderie"_

Author: those are good suggestions thank you!
